Let's now discuss how we can fix the malformed distribution.
Let's start first by having a look at the
distribution of one feature on our dataset,
namely the SalePrice.
Here, I plot the distribution of the SalePrice against the
corresponding normal distribution curve.
And as you can see,
it is skewed to the left compared to the
corresponding normal distribution curve.
And here, we apply the log transform from NumPy library, as you
might remember. The log function will fix the skewness. And
let's visualize the diagram again.
And now, as you can see,
the distribution of SalePrice follows the corresponding normal distribution. And our distribution has been fixed.